docs/user.md, before:

# User Documentation

The following paragraphs will outline the usage of Open Audio Search (*OAS*). This is directed towards users of the system and should help you getting started easily. We intend to expand and improve this document over time. If something in here is unclear to you or you miss explanations, please feel invited to [open an issue](https://github.com/openaudiosearch/openaudiosearch/issues/new/choose).


## Start OAS

tbd


## UI Overview

tbd


### Login

To login as administrative User, scroll down to the bottom of the UI and click on the `Login`-Link. In the popping up window, fill in your Username & Password and hit the `Login`-Button.


## How To...

tbd


### Import new sources

To import new sources, login to *OAS* (described above) and go to the `Importer`-Tab in the UI. There you can post in the link to an RSS feed (e.g. `FIXME`). Specify, if you want to enable speech recognition and natural language processing, by adjusting the sliders and the click on the `Save & import`-Button.


## Frequently Asked Questions

tbd

Commit message:

[WIP] User docs - UI and search sections.

docs/user.md, after:

# User Documentation

The following paragraphs will outline the usage of Open Audio Search (*OAS*). This is directed towards users of the system and should help you getting started easily. We intend to expand and improve this document over time. If something in here is unclear to you or you miss explanations, please feel invited to [open an issue](https://github.com/openaudiosearch/openaudiosearch/issues/new/choose).


## User Interface

The main page of *OAS* shows the `Discover`-Tab. It displays a subset of audio tracks, which are indexed into the system and you're might be curious about. On the cards, you find some basic informations on the track, like its Title, Duration and a short Description. In case you want to get more information, just click the card to get into details view. Or if you want to here the audio track right away, just press the play button on the upper-right side of the card.


### Search

As *OAS* is a search engine for audio, one of its core features is to find specific words or terms in audio tracks. To accomplish such a search, you can either use the searchbox in the header of the frontpage. Or navigate in the `Search`-Tab and enter your query there in the searchbox. Results are getting displayed right in the middle of the page and you can sort them according to Publishing Date or Duration. They are shown as cards, from which you get basic informations on the audio track: Title, Description of the track, its Duration, as well as those parts in the transcript, in which the search term can be found. You can jump right into that part of the audio track by hitting that boxes or you can play the whole audio file by pushing the Play-Button on the upper-right part of the results cards.  
To fine-tune your search, you can use the facettes on the left side of the page, with which you can filter the results according to Creator, Genre, Publishing Date and/or Duration. 
To access the whole information on the resulted audio track, you can click on results cards to get into its details view. Here you can access the transcript and jump into specific parts in the audio track just by clicking a word.


### Login

To login as administrative User, scroll down to the bottom of the UI and click on the `Login`-Link. In the popping up window, fill in your Username & Password and hit the `Login`-Button.


## How To...

This section walks you through specific tasks, you might want to accomplish:


### Import new sources

To import new sources, login to *OAS* (described above) and go to the `Importer`-Tab in the UI. There you can post in the link to an RSS feed (e.g. `FIXME`). Specify, if you want to enable speech recognition and natural language processing, by adjusting the sliders and the click on the `Save & import`-Button.


## Frequently Asked Questions

tbd
